I don't power trip oh oh yeah hello guys
and welcome again to item power city I
just finished building this submarine
base or control rooms all kind of
mechanic control room or base whatever
you want to call it I'm going to be
building in here probably some cranes
and some loading lorries probably to
load stuff to their submarines and so
I'll see how it goes probably some
containers as well put them somewhere
around that seaport okay let me show you
from the outside first and then we go
inside and show you what I have inside
as you can see I made it a nice big
massive spacious seaport so I could put
lots of stuff and this is the subs and I
added this beautiful make them different
colors is wrong you know like red yellow
orange and stuff like this alright let
me show you this sub they all identical
copy of that first submarine I showed
you in that so they all exactly the same
and let's go inside
eh this is oh let me show you first how
many it's like one that one goes in
submarine oh yeah none of these like
stairs for them like you know when the
engineers have to go up to the submarine
to check what's probably more pixie
stuff they could go all the way that way
and probably some some of these
villagers on the other side was in here
I think it's the other sub right and
this one because it's moving the stairs
this movie moved away from the sub it's
been lift up oh yeah right and this is
the other one as well so that one he was
like oh she was up on the sub in there
oh like that one he's trying to fix that
fin in there cool let me show you that's
the inside of that sub base how it looks
like with nice big massive pillars
holding the roofs from falling on top of
these submarines although my craft they
could float in the air right
and let me show you in here that one it
looks like finished and it's going to
its own way oh you go in the water
no we don't want no okay let me show you
inside these rooms this is a control
room this is where all the stuff goes
behind the scenes like all the powers
all the energy goes to these submarines
will be fixed in here as you can see
tons of controllers and make it sound
like real although this is looks like a
chest in there but let's get that off
yep now looks like a proper PC or
whatever like you can see some of oh my
god Oh some of these ones like normal
pcs but some of them different monitors
different stuff I try to make them and
yeah so they look cool like there is a
control room in here and stuff like this
right and this is stuff daylight sensors
loads and loads of buttons load lots of
stuff to look like a control room and I
hope you do like the idea with these
seeds like engineer sits in there and
walks and that one is so happy he just
fixed that submarine there and it's
going idiot do its way and yeah oh yeah
oh yeah Murphy MFP good for you okay
this is this is what I've been working
on for the last couple of weeks now and
it's been hard work as well and check
this out guys the look of that ceiling
there it looks like a small base with
this massive a huge window and there you
know this is this is all of it and I
really hope you do like it guys to be
honest your life will support a lot and
I love your likes when you leave them
gives me great push as well to continue
building as much as I can with a great
stuff and this is another probably I'm
trying to build like a nice probably a
build like houses in there for the sub
you know like offices and stuff like
this maybe some radar thing or I don't
know or maybe some vehicles like maybe
some lorries and stuff like this around
that area so hopefully it would look
nice
mmm this is all the sub although it's
big and on my PC it's very hard to show
you from far
yep check this out this is the roofing
in between it looks like a nice thick
pillar in there
holds all these small pillars hanging
for the roofs holding the rules you know
what I mean
so that was this is an upside down
stairs that one moment stairs this one
an upside down stairs and they look
beautiful like that okay I really really
hope you do like this space my god it
takes like five minutes to show it you
and it takes days to be bout to be
honest this is all you know for feelings
they just feel like you work on it very
hard then it takes few minutes to show
all on the video you know God knows how
much it's hard
alrighty please don't forget to Like
favorite sub that would be great big
support and I think you were very very
much for your support
stay tuned and I'll be see you soon with
another video or another stone